Notes on JSON file format.
--------------------------

Top level JSON specification:

Required fields
---------------
date:	year-month-day "YYYY-MM-DD" format, optionally with hours-minutes-
    seconds in "YYYY-MM-DD hh:mm:ss" format. The full format (with h:m:s)
    is useful for ABI-derived images, when a specific time is needed
    (unlike the MODIS-Aqua RGB which is once per day).
sensor: string sensor name, one of: "MODIS" to retrieve MODIS-Aqua RGB
    imagery from NASA Worldview; GOES16_ABI_C or GOES16_ABI_F for ABI
    RGB imagery from GOES-16, from (C)ONUS or (F)ull disk data.
data_home: If GOES16 is selected, this must specified with the path to the
    L1b radiance files. This is not needed for MODIS.
geo_upper_left: two element lat, lon values for upper left corner of
    background image (MODIS or GOES-ABI)
geo_lower_right: two element lat, lon values for lower right corner of
    background image (MODIS or GOES-ABI)
layer: layer code (from Encoding.csv) of the desired background layer


Optional Fields
---------------
region: a string containing the name of the geographic region being plotted.
    this is used as part of the filename for the automatic image file creation
    skipping this field is equivalent to setting it to an empty string.
ground_site: two element lat, lon value, to mark a specific ground location point
    of interest. This will be marked with a white star.
city_labels: set to a matplotlib color; this will cause city names to be drawn on
    the plot in the desired color.
    Skipping this field is equivalent to setting it to an empty string, which
    means the city labels will not be plotted.
oco2_overlay_info: set this to a nested JSON structure. (see below for
    description).
out_plot_dir: set to a specific directory, for the automatically generated
    image plot. Skipping this field is equivalent to setting it to an empty
    string, in which case the file is created in the current dir.
out_plot_name: set to a specific filename to control the output image filename.
    Skipping this field is equivalent to setting it to an empty string,
    which means a default plot name is constructed, using the region string
    (if set), the date, and various Quality filter, warn level, or footprint
    descriptors, if there is an OCO overlay.
out_data_dir: set to a specific directory, for the automatically generated
    subset h5 file. Skipping this field is equivalent to setting it to an
    empty string, in which case the file is created in the current dir.
out_data_name: set to a specific filename to control the output h5 data
    filename. Skipping this field is equivalent to setting it to an empty
    string, which means a default file name is constructed, matching the
    default plot name.

Overlay specification:

Required Fields
---------------
file: full path to OCO data file; this can be a Lite CO2 or SIF, or any of the 
    operational products (L1bSc, L2ABP, etc.)
variable: string variable name with full path (for example, "xco2" or 
    "Retrieval/xco2" in a LtCO2 netCDF4).
lat_name: string variable name for latitude; this controls whether the
    overlay data is plotted with circles (using sounding_latitude), or the
    polygon vertices (using vertex_latitude)
lon_name: string variable name for longitude; this controls whether the
    overlay data is plotted with circles (using sounding_longitude), or the
    polygon vertices (using vertex_longitude)
orbit: integer orbit number. This is primarily used when LtSIF or LtCO2 are
    used, since the orbit number must be used to extract the correct subset
    of data from the daily Lite file.

Optional Fields:
----------------
band_number: for some variables that have an extra per-band axis, this
    variable can be used to extract the desired OCO band. Right now this only
    used for Retrieval/reduced_chi_squared_per_band in older Lite file formats.
variable_plot_lims: this can be set to a two element numeric list, to directly
    specify the color map plot range; or to "autoscale_by_orbit", to pick the 
    color map plot range by the min/max value seen in the orbit; or
    "autoscale_by_overlay" to use the min/max value seen in the data actually
    used in the overlay plot.
    Skipping this field, or specifying an empty string, will use the
    "autoscale_by_orbit" as a default.
cmap: string containing the matplotlib colormap name. If skipped or set to an
    empty string, the default colormap will be the matplotlib viridis
    colormap, or, one of the default colormaps, according to a set of
    colormaps set for individual variable types (xco2, sif, etc.)
transparency: set to a value to control the transparency of the overlay data,
    where 0 is transparent and 1.0 is completely opaque. Skipping this value,
    or setting to an empty string, will use the default value of 1.0
lite_qf: set to "all", "good", or "bad", to control what soundings are used
    in the overlay, according to the Lite file quality flag. Skipping this
    value, or setting to an empty string, will use the default value of "all".
lite_warn_lims: set to a two element list of integers with the inclusive warn
    level range to apply to the data used in the overlay. Skipping this value,
    or setting this to an empty string will use the default value of [0,20],
    which will use all data.
footprint: set to a two element list of integers, or a scalar integer, or
    "all", to limit the displayed footprints. Skipping this value, or setting
    to an empty string, will use the default of "all", or equivalently,
    [1,8], meaning all footprints are used.
lat_shift: set to a floating point value, that is added to the overlay
    dataset's latitude this can be used to force an ad-hoc shift to the
    overlay data's position.
    Skipping this value will use a default value of 0.0, equivalent to no shift.
lon_shift: longitude shift (see lat_shift description)
frame_limit_min: set to an integer frame number (0-indexed) to use a frame
    subset from an L1b or L2ABP/L2IDP file (any of the files with (nframe,8)
    array shapes); this will be the first frame from the selection.
frame_limit_max: set to an integer frame number (0-indexed) to use a frame
    subset from an L1b or L2ABP/L2IDP file (any of the files with (nframe,8)
    array shapes); this will be the last frame from the selection.
    Note that if one of the frame_limit values is set, but the other is
    skipped, this will act as a 1-sided interval. For example, to use all
    frames from number 1000 to the end of the file, set frame_limit_min to
    1000 and do not specify the max value.
make_background_image: set to 1, to make an additional plot containing the
    background image without the overlay data. This is useful to be able
    to "blink" between an image with and without the overlay, as an alternative
    to using transparency as a way to see both the overlay data and the RGB
    background image. If the field is skipped, or set to zero, then only
    the full overlay data image is created.
plot_title: this is an arbitrary string, that will be directly used as the
    plot title for the produced image. By default this is an empty string,
    which means no plot title will be included in the image.
    If this is set to "auto", then the code will automatically create a plot
    title that has key information about the matchup.
    For a MODIS background, the title will include the filename
    containing the overlay data (if used), a label that describes the source
    (MODIS-Aqua on Worldview), and the image file creation date.
    For a GOES-ABI background, this includes similar information, but also
    includes the ABI filename used for the background, as well as the time
    offset to the overlay data.
